Prologue

~MudPie

One day, I received a job offer in the mail.

I mean who uses mail anymore?

***

Frankly, I just forgot about the letter. It was a job offer to play a fantasy role playing game. Not my type of game. The envelope smelled like perfume with a gold frindge. I didn't know it at the time but.. that was real gold.

Anyway, I just left the letter lying opened next to my computer at home.


Chapter 1

~MudPie

ofc = "of course"
lol = "laugh out loud", just means that there is something funny
'm = "am" just a short..er version
SAO = "Sword Art Online" an anime about being trapped in a fantasy game
tho = "though"
tbh = "to be honest"

Sigh, I had just finished my final exams Machine Learning, Database Systems, and Computer Networking all at the same time. Who am I kidding, it was spreadout throughtout the week. But the anticipation had been killing.

I should be working on my capstone or looking for an internship in preparation for the time following graduation. Just two more quarters and I get to experiance being a nameless runt. I never knew that I would want to stay at college. Times do change.

Speaking of change I still had this spam job offer lying next to my laptop. My brains is caput so I can't play league. Guess its time to try something new.

Inside the envelope I found, a nice graphic of the game with a short description, a job offer and a list of the hours I spent playing games on steam. O boy, how'd they get that. Isn't that a little far for a job offer. 'm I being stalked?

Formalities aside I created an account, with my throw away email ofc. This seems to be the beta version, so I have to put in a code that came in that fancy smancy envelope, and log on.

It's taking a while, but this relaxing. I mean what are the chances I'd actually play this lol.

***

I finally start the game. Yes, it's connected to my steam account. Tho the startup looks like SAO. Shivers.

We get past the login and.. you know how they have that empty room in street fighter, well.

This is an RPG, why am I even here!?

This is the isolation box, where you will pick your combat style. ~Navi

It was a rhetorical question! Wait, wait... Oh no, this is horrible. It's Navi. I scream and run upstairs. I peak at my computer, the rest of my sibling are staring at me like a crazy person. Well, one of them is yawning. Hehe, back to the game.

tbh I am a little crazy...


Chapter 2

~Le Princess on a casual ride

b' = "be"
'well = "well"

Le Princess yawned, one day your just riding peacefully through the bog of doom at the beheast of uncle, and the next thing you know is your shoes are being dirtied by a bunch of undead. Hopefully they provide better entertainment as payment for interupting my dreary ride.

I waved the customary screaming, it was tiring to say the least also being expected to b' weak and 'well there was no knight in shining armor about so I let myself off the hook, so to speak. The undead though, where most uncivilzed, they tried to put an slave collar on myself. Outragious, I had to show them the proper order of things. 

"Ara," I snapped my fingers.
"Yes Princess," my slave trembled.

I gestured for her to take my place. I mean really, these minions where so unprofessional one does not simply put a chain on a princess. After all I control how much the ransom is. A sly smile sneaks out as I think about how much I'll dock for their unprofessionalism. Have to teach the new ones proper restraint, who knows what might happen.

I swipe the chain out of the undead's hand as we start walking further into the bog. I tentively tug on it. I've always wondered how it felt to pull a slave along. But my pa, you know the king, always pontificates about the good of the people. But uncle has more open thoughts, sometimes I see his people with a train of slaves. Anyway, this a new experiance, my pa always tells me it's good to gain many different types of experiances. But really it's just an excuse, he really should be spending more time with me, you know, his only child. I let a little pout appear on my face. O the pain of being a princess.

The troupe of undead with the "captured" princess wander into the distance.

***

~Mudpie

lol = "laugh out loud", often used to laugh at oneself

I've been working through all the different weapons when I realize there's actually a skip button. I can't believe I missed it. I quickly click it.

Are you sure you want to go? ~Navi

[Yes]

You haven't picked a weapon ~ Navi

[Yes]

You don't have to get huffy ~ Navi

She plays a 5 second dance animation (it was actually only 3 seconds but,. sigh) 

Bright light burst through the open window painting the room in wonderful colors of joy and happyness, all save for the corner that the only other person in the room stood. The person, that had a navi charm attached to their neck.

Nope, none of this PEACE. Seeing as there was a lack of door, I made the only rational decision. Leaping through the window, a spray of shattered glass, and I was free.

Until a horrible scream rocked the world. Hey, Listen! Nope nope nope, move faster my legs. I only roll a little ways after tripping but I was back to running instantly. I was so immersed in running from Navi, that I didn't even noticed I triped in a video game lol.

Anyways, as the brush clears from my screen. I see a hill come into view there're flowers at the base and leading up it grass and bushes spread out, finally at the top are a troup of skeletons leading a slave? When did skeletons take prisoners, doesn't that require thinking!?

The weirdest thing is that there's a non-screaming princess, with the crown and everything. Or is that in my culturally biased sterotype. Big words, big words.

AAHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhh!!!

I charge up the hill.

